So we built our first application and hopefully you saw how easy it is to get started with Vue.js.
This is where we are at now in the course. We're getting started but we'll leave this soon and thereafter
we start diving super-deep into it; starting with how we can interact with the DOM, how we can output
data, which different ways we have, how we can bind to HTML attributes, how we can listen to events and
much much more.
These are actually multiple modules in this course and you will get a very first great impression
or understanding of how Vue.js works.
Well thereafter, it's time to deeply dive into the Vue
instance; this core object
each view application in the end, or widget or whatever you're creating, uses.
How does it work? Which lifecycle does it follow?
How can you use it to your advantage?
Well then it's time to leave
JSFiddle which will use for the first sections and really learn about how you could set up more professional
workflows. We'll use the Vue CLI for that,
but that really isn't the CLI doing all the work,
it's just a CLI which provides some ease-to-use and quickly-to-get-started-with templates for example;
then using Webpack in the end.
We will talk in greater detail about this in this section of course. With the more professional workflow
set up, we can dive into components;
a key concept in Vue.js.
You build up your application from components. You can create reusable parts containing a template and
business logic which you then can use in different places in your app; really powerful.
And I will actually have multiple modules here about basics, about how you can communicate between components
and some advanced concepts.
Well, with all these core features being set, we will then have a look at forms, how can we handle user
input, how can we use different form elements and how can we create our own form control. Thereafter we'll
have a look at directives, filters and mixins.
What are all these things?
How can they help you?
How would you use them in your application?
Well we're getting really advanced here.
And then we're going to have a look at animations and transitions.
You want to make your application beautiful and here we will learn how Vue.js makes that's very easy,
how it supports us animating dynamic content or the switching from one component to another.
Well with that we're really diving super-deep into it,
but until now, we always stayed in our Vue.js application.
What if we need to reach out to a server to store something in a database?
Well we can do that and we will learn how we can access the HTTP from within a Vue.js application
in this part of the course.
Thereafter, time to have a look at what you would need to create bigger applications, namely single
page applications.
For that, we will need routing
and of course I have a whole module dedicated to that where you will learn how the router works, how
to set it up, how to use child routes, how to pass parameters and much more. That belongs in a world of
single page applications and kind of like so does the state management we'll have a look at then. Managing
the state in more complex applications can quickly become a problem as you will see there
and I will also provide a solution. Vuex, a great additional package which makes this easy.
That concludes the single page application part and we'll then have a look at deployment.
How can we actually ship our application to a server?
Does this sound great? To me,
it does and I can't wait to dive deeper into that. I'll do so soon.
Let's next have a look at which resources this course gives you to make your progress,
besides watching these videos, as easy as possible.